Fix/typo (#35)
meilisearch/documentation: main_concept/indexes.md

# Indexes

An `index` is an entity, like a *table in SQL*, with a specific `schema` definition. It gathers a collection of `documents` with the structure defined by the schema.

An **index is defined** by an unique identifier `uid` that is generated by MeiliSearch on [index creation](/references/indexes.md#create-an-index). It also has **a name** to help you track your different indexes.

## Index UID and name

> The `uid` of an index is its unique identifier. It is the `:index` parameter on every `indexes/:index` route.

Reviewer: Same. Don't you think it would be better to change `:index` into `:index-uid`/`:uid`?

The `id` field is the unique identifier of a movie document. We want to display it (*displayed*) and give the possibility to users to search for the movie using his ID (*indexed*).

The `title` field is an important field, which is why it is ranked second in the order of fields. We want
our search queries to search inside this field (*indexed*), and we also want to showcase it to the user (*displayed*).

The `description` field is exactly like the title field. Its 3rd position in the order of the fields puts it after `Title` in relevancy.

> The `release_date` field is not indexed because the user does not usually search by date. With the *ranked* tag, we can create a custom ranking rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `release_date` field is not indexed because the user does not usually search for a specific date. With the *ranked* tag, we can create a custom ranking rule
```
